
# Executive Document Review

## Content
- [ ] Check the title refers to the most impactful/important actions included in the proposal.
- [ ] Check that the summary refers to all actions included in the proposal.
- [ ] Check that the publisher (entity publishing the executive on the voting portal) of the executive is listed in the preamble (at the entity level).
- [ ] Check that the writers of the executive code are listed in the preamble (at the entity level).
- [ ] Check that the reviewers of the executive code are listed in the preamble (at the entity level).
- [ ] Check that the office-hours modifier is mentioned as part of the executive doc, if present in the executive spell code.
- [ ] Check that it is clearly stated which items are affected by the GSM Delay.
- [ ] Check that the GSM Delay period is communicated.
- [ ] Check that the proposal expiry is explicitly noted, including the length of time for which the proposal is valid.

## Items

- [ ] Check that each item is present in the proposal details section.
- [ ] Check that items are ordered by judged impact/importance.

- [ ] For each item:
	- [ ] Check that the executive summary contains a high-level overview of the item.
	- [ ] Check that each item or set of items in the executive proposal has a corresponding entry in the proposal details section.
	- [ ] Check that the doc contains a link to the reasoning for its inclusion.
	- [ ] Check that the doc contains a link to the authorization for its inclusion.
	- [ ] Check that the doc contains any links required for voters to determine the context surrounding its inclusion.
	- [ ] Check that the framing and tense used for each item is future-conditional. Ie: "IF this executive proposal passes, THEN this action will take place."
	- [ ] Check that hyperlinks to documentation and/or context are added to key parameters, terms, and contracts where reasonable and possible.
	- [ ] Check that Ethereum and IPFS addresses are hyperlinked such that it is easy to view their details.
	- [ ] Check that parties implicated in the proposal outcome related to this item are aware of the wording used.

## Final Checks

- [ ] Read the executive doc in full, with the above checklists and general readability in mind. Raise any issues with the author.

## Hash Verification

- [ ] Once the executive doc has been approved, check that the hash generated by the author is accuracte and confirm it in the PR.

## External Updates

### Atlas Active Element Updates

- [ ] Check if any Atlas active elements will need to be updated if this executive proposal passes.
- [ ] If yes:
	- [ ] Check that a PR to the next-gen-atlas repository has been opened by the author.
	- [ ] Check that all values being changed by the executive proposal have been correctly updated in the Sky Atlas document.
	- [ ] If all present, approve the PR so that it can be merged as soon as the executive proposal has executed.

### Standby Spells Update

- [ ] Check if any new ilk has been onboarded/offboarded.
- [ ] If yes:
	- [ ] Check that a PR to the dss-emergency-spells repository has been opened by the author.
	- [ ] Check that all Standby Spells being affected by the executive proposal have been correctly updated in the README file.
 	- [ ] If all present, approve the PR so that it can be merged as soon as the executive proposal has executed.

### Bug Bounty Program Updates

- [ ] Check if any new contracts are being added in this spell.
- [ ] If yes, make sure they have been added to the Bug Bounty Program and approved by the integrations lead.
